Add secondary HTTP storage (#676)
ccache/ccache: LICENSE.adoc

https://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl-3.0.html.

src/third_party/httplib.h
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

cpp-httplib - A C++11 single-file header-only cross platform HTTP/HTTPS library.

> Copied from cpp-httplib 0.9.0 downloaded from <https://github.com/yhirose/cpp-httplib>.
> It has the following license text:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Copied from commit 6b9ffc8b of https://github.com/yhirose/cpp-httplib[cpp-httplib].
The library has the following license text:
```
